in December the first words with the
junior coach daniel
I'm very pleased that the invitation is
It was not difficult, the decision is by
to be mainly is the project the project
dow jones turns out to be very
similar to the image of the club face
that has been has been xenon is both
an ambitious project with him as well
the club has been showing the
shows to develop shows also
shows also this is a progress
enough made a home that already
had the pleasure of meeting for a year
with fantastic people all over a
structure in carrying out the
physical resources is a
fantastic also for you to develop
a good job and for those who do not know
josé barbosa was deputy air aide
in the senior team of her tone what is that
He changed since then the club has
it was even more visible
another infrastructure for
accompanies the growth by tests
It has not changed much but how much I want
say what I want to do goal has not changed
very much and I think that the goal of the morning
the will of the people Availability
of people 's moods to cube
the passion with which he lives in the ambition of
Club kept it up and listen and even
even increased a little and both in a new
great change is this level there was
level of infrastructure but more of the
that the people of the land more than
people off the ground have been telling me
one can not say it's proof of contact
smell the smell cheetah and sustains
after the champion title after a
presence in the final phase of the
second national junior division
which can be expected even more from the
jesus birth team can wait
can expect a lot of
dignify the club a great will
will also contribute with a
delivery and standard with a will to
dignify and honor the symbol is good
that is equal to the father
Of course now with some more weight
on the shoulders is derived the magnificent time
that the team that the Czech colleague did did
in the past but essentially objective is
difficult to identify the cube to accompany the
swearing club am pointing each soap
near the field of head raised
with the possible with the three points but
we have the advantage of consciousness
than we represent well
well the club
obviously that the mission is always
I remember one more affection.
but the thought is Saturday to Saturday
to win next Saturday and contribute
for the training of athletes for which year
after year the contribution to the team
junior to senior team is the
dance is becoming more and more effective